README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/MediaMath/lambda-cron.svg?token=tMt81cZ8XUGin1RurU5s&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/MediaMath/lambda-cron)
# LambdaCron

![LambdaCron](./lambda-cron-diagram.png "LambdaCron")

**LambdaCron** is a serverless cron tool. It provides a way to run scheduled tasks
on the AWS cloud defined in YAML and managed by a command line tool 
([LambdaCron CLI](#lambdacron-cli)). Tasks are scheduled using the same syntax for
expressions as Linux [crontab](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/CronHowto).

Traditionally, to run scheduled tasks you need set up cron jobs in the server where 
you want them to run. This doesn't make sense when building a 
serverless architecture, where servers are transparent to users. In order to solve this
AWS provides [CloudWatch Events](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/events/WhatIsCloudWatchEvents.html),
which allow you to run scheduled events (called rules) to invoke AWS services in
a cron-like way. While it is a useful tool, it is very different from the traditional way to manage
and run cron jobs and it has some serious [limitations](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/events/cloudwatch_limits_cwe.html).

LambdaCron fills in the gap by providing a user friendly way to manage serverless cron jobs just like cron. 
With LambdaCron you define each of your tasks in an independent YAML file.
Once you tasks are defined you can manage them using the command line tool without the need to access to the AWS console. 

LambdaCron offers 4 different types of tasks:

* **Queue task**: send message to AWS SQS queue.
* **Lambda task**: invoke AWS Lambda function.
* **Batch task**: submit AWS Batch job.
* **HTTP task**: send HTTP requests (GET & POST).

Currently LambdaCron integrates with HTTP requests and 3 AWS services. 
It is ready be extended for other services and, in general, it is
ready to reach any service available by an API.

## LambdaCron CLI

**LambdaCron** provides a CLI tool that allows management of your cron tasks without access
to the AWS Console.  It also allows creation of multiple environments with different settings.

### Settings

Custom settings for environments are set in a YAML-formatted configuration file located in the
user home directory, and must be named **~/.lambda-cron.yml**.

There are 3 levels of preferences for settings:

* Environment: Custom values for an specific environment.
* Global: Custom values that will have effect to all environments created.
* Default: Default values, in case no custom values are specified (by environment or globally)

Highest level of preference is *Environment*, followed by *Global* and finally *Default*. Each option
in the settings can set the value from different levels. Higher level of preference overwrite lower levels.

Each environment is defined with a root key in the YAML, while global settings are identified with the
key *global*.

Options available:

#### bucket

Name of the bucket where Lambda function code will be hosted and tasks stored.

```yaml
bucket: 'my-custom-bucket-name'
```

You can use the macro, **{environment}**, in the string for the bucket, and it will
be replaced by the environment name.

**Default**: lambda-cron-{environment}

The bucket will have two folders:

* code/
* tasks/

#### every (frequency)

Frequency at which the Lambda function will execute to run tasks.
It indicates the frequency in **minutes OR hours** with an integer number.
It is specified with one of the following parameters:

* minutes
* hours

```yaml
every:
    minutes: 5
```

**Default**: every hour.

More info for [frequency](#frequency).

#### alarm

Alarm can be set up using CloudWatch metrics. It uses the following parameters:

* enabled
* email (Required if alarm is enabled).

```yaml
alarm:
    enabled: True
    email: my-mailing-list@email.com
```

**Default**: disabled.

#### enabled

It enables/disables the cron (CloudWatch event).

```yaml
enabled: True
```

**Default**: enabled.

#### Example

```yaml
global:
  bucket: 'my-project-cron-{environment}'

prod:
  alarm:
    enabled: True
    email: prod-alerts@domain.com
  every:
    minutes: 5

staging:
  every:
    minutes: 5

dev:
  enabled: False
```

The settings for each environment will be:

* prod:
  * enabled: True
  * bucket: my-project-cron-prod
  * alarm:
    * enabled: True
    * email: prod-alerts@domain.com
  * every:
    * minutes: 5

* staging:
  * enabled: True
  * bucket: my-project-cron-staging
  * alarm:
    * enabled: False
    * email: ''
  * every:
    * minutes: 5

* dev:
  * enabled: False
  * bucket: my-project-cron-dev
  * alarm:
    * enabled: False
    * email: ''

### Commands

The **LambdaCron** CLI uses the [AWS CLI](https://github.com/aws/aws-cli), and translates
every command into an AWS CLI command.  The AWS account used should be configured for AWS
CLI access.  The LambdaCron CLI allows different AWS CLI
[profiles](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-multiple-profiles.html) to
be specified.

The following is the list of commands available.

#### create

Create new **LambdaCron** environment in the AWS account.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--create-bucket**: Flag to indicate that bucket must be created in S3 (optional)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### update

Update new settings for the environment.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### start

Enable LambdaCron to run.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### stop

Disable LambdaCron, and it won't run until it is enabled (#start command) again.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### invoke

Invoke Lambda function cron manually.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### delete

Delete **LambdaCron** environment from the AWS account.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--delete-bucket**: Flag to indicate that the bucket must be deleted from S3 (optional)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

Note: The bucket must be empty before it can be deleted.

#### upload-tasks

Upload tasks to S3 bucket to be run with LambdaCron. It will sync the directory
with S3, including deleting tasks have been deleted from the local directory.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--directory (-d)**: Path to directory that contains tasks definitions (string)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### validate

Validate a tasks checking if they match with the schema. It can validate a task
from a file or a set of tasks in a directory.

Parameters:

* **--task-file (-t)**: File that contains a task definition.
* **--task-directory (-d)**: Directory with a set of files with tasks definitions.


## Tasks

Tasks are defined in YAML files (each task in an independent file) and stored in S3.
A task must follow the JSON schema provided in this repo: [schema](./lambda_cron/schema.json).

All tasks must contain the following keys and values:

* **name**: task name
* **expression**: crontab expression
* **task**: task definition (customized for each type of tasks)

Each type of task has its own set of required keys as described in the following section.


### Queue task

It sends a message to an AWS SQS queue.
The task definition must contains following keys:

* **type**: *queue*
* **QueueName**: Name of the queue (string)
* **MessageBody**: Message to be sent (YAML/JSON)

``` yaml
name: 'Send performance report every morning'
expression: '0 9 * * *'
task:
  type: 'queue'
  QueueName: 'my-scheduler-queue'
  MessageBody:
    name: 'Performance report'
    type: 'report'
    sql: 'SELECT ....'
    recipients:
      emails: ....
```

Message is sent using [boto3 SQS.Queue.send_message](http://boto3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/services/sqs.html#SQS.Queue.send_message)
All parameters of the function will be supported soon.

### Lambda task

It invokes an AWS lambda functions.
The task definition must contain the following keys:

* **type**: *lambda*
* **FunctionName**: Name of the Lambda function to invoke (string)
* **InvokeArgs**: arguments to send (YAML/JSON)

``` yaml
name: 'Run ETL process every hour'
expression: '0 * * * *'
task:
  type: 'lambda'
  FunctionName: 'run-etl-process-prod'
  InvokeArgs:
    source: 's3://my-data-source/performance'
    output: 's3://my-data-output/performance'
```

The function is invoked using [boto3 Lambda.Client.invoke_async](http://boto3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/services/lambda.html#Lambda.Client.invoke_async)

### Batch task

It submits AWS Batch jobs.
The task definition must contain the following keys:

* **type**: *batch*
* **jobName**: name to assign to the job (string)
* **jobQueue**: name of the queue in AWS Batch (string)
* **jobDefinition**: name of the job definition in AWS Batch (string)

``` yaml
name: 'Enrich new stats every hour'
expression: '0 * * * *'
task:
  type: 'batch'
  jobName: 'enrich-stats'
  jobDefinition: 'enrich-stats-definition:1'
  jobQueue: 'jobs_high_priority'
```

It is a wrapper for [boto3 Batch.Client.submit_job](http://boto3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/services/batch.html#Batch.Client.submit_job).
All parameters for the method can be set in the task definition.

### HTTP task

It sends an HTTP request (GET or POST). This task allows to reach any service
that provides an API.
The task definition must contain the following keys:

* **type**: *http*
* **method**: http method (get | post)
* **request**: YAML with parameters to send for the selected method using [Requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/)

``` yaml
name: 'health check every hour'
expression: '0 * * * *'
task:
  type: 'http'
  method: 'get'
  request:
    url: 'http://helthcheck.my-domain.com'
    params:
      service: 'lambda'
```

It is a wrapper over [Requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/).
All HTTP methods will be supported soon.

## Frequency

#### Execution time
All tasks scheduled to run between the current event and the next event will be run immediately.

Example: LambdaCron runs every hour ('0 * * * *'), tasks '0 1 * * *' and '58 1 * * *' will run at the same time.

####  Task frequency
LambdaCron will execute a task at most once for each invocation.  This can result in a task being run fewer times than it's cron expression implies.

Example: If LambdaCron runs every hour ('0 * * * *'), a task '*/15 * * * *' will only run once an hour.  If LambdaCron runs every minute ('* * * * *'), a task '*/15 * * * *' will only run four times an hour.  You can set up LambdaCron to run more frequently than an hour if you need a task to be run more frequently.

####  Frequecy and Precision

Events are based on [AWS CloudWatch Events](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/events/WhatIsCloudWatchEvents.html).
You can learn about them in the [Scheduled Events documentation](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/events/ScheduledEvents.html):

* "The finest resolution using a Cron expression is a minute"
* "Your scheduled rule is triggered within that minute, but not on the precise 0th second"

Be aware of this.

# Requirements

* Python 2.7
* boto3
* pip
* AWS account
* awscli (configured)

**LambdaCron** is based 100% on AWS cloud.

## Getting Started

**Important!** The tool is not available in **pip** yet. If you want to try it, check [Development](#development)

### Install

``` bash
$ pip install lambda-cron
```

### Usage

Create your first environment (called 'test') with default settings:

``` bash
$ lambda-cron create --environment=test --create-bucket
```

If you want to set some custom settings, create the setting file in the home
directory of the user who is running the tool.

* `~/.lambda-cron.yml`

For help:

``` bash
$ lambda-cron --help
```

or for each command:

``` bash
$ lambda-cron create --help
```

## Development

To start working with **LambdaCron** you should clone the project, create a
virtualenv (optional) and install dependencies:

``` bash
$ git clone https://github.com/MediaMath/lambda-cron.git
$ cd lambda-cron
$ virtualenv venv
$ source venv/bin/activate
$ pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
$ ./lambda_cron/lambda-cron --help
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. You can find open issues with some features and
improvements that would be good to have in **LambdaCron**.

Before contribute we encourage to take a look at the following
[tips provided by GitHub](https://guides.github.com/activities/contributing-to-open-source/)

Commit message:

Updated the README to include Athena Task

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/MediaMath/lambda-cron.svg?token=tMt81cZ8XUGin1RurU5s&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/MediaMath/lambda-cron)
# LambdaCron

![LambdaCron](./lambda-cron-diagram.png "LambdaCron")

**LambdaCron** is a serverless cron tool. It provides a way to run scheduled tasks
on the AWS cloud defined in YAML and managed by a command line tool 
([LambdaCron CLI](#lambdacron-cli)). Tasks are scheduled using the same syntax for
expressions as Linux [crontab](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/CronHowto).

Traditionally, to run scheduled tasks you need set up cron jobs in the server where 
you want them to run. This doesn't make sense when building a 
serverless architecture, where servers are transparent to users. In order to solve this
AWS provides [CloudWatch Events](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/events/WhatIsCloudWatchEvents.html),
which allow you to run scheduled events (called rules) to invoke AWS services in
a cron-like way. While it is a useful tool, it is very different from the traditional way to manage
and run cron jobs and it has some serious [limitations](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/events/cloudwatch_limits_cwe.html).

LambdaCron fills in the gap by providing a user friendly way to manage serverless cron jobs just like cron. 
With LambdaCron you define each of your tasks in an independent YAML file.
Once you tasks are defined you can manage them using the command line tool without the need to access to the AWS console. 

LambdaCron offers 4 different types of tasks:

* **Queue task**: send message to AWS SQS queue.
* **Lambda task**: invoke AWS Lambda function.
* **Batch task**: submit AWS Batch job.
* **HTTP task**: send HTTP requests (GET & POST).

Currently LambdaCron integrates with HTTP requests and 3 AWS services. 
It is ready be extended for other services and, in general, it is
ready to reach any service available by an API.

## LambdaCron CLI

**LambdaCron** provides a CLI tool that allows management of your cron tasks without access
to the AWS Console.  It also allows creation of multiple environments with different settings.

### Settings

Custom settings for environments are set in a YAML-formatted configuration file located in the
user home directory, and must be named **~/.lambda-cron.yml**.

There are 3 levels of preferences for settings:

* Environment: Custom values for an specific environment.
* Global: Custom values that will have effect to all environments created.
* Default: Default values, in case no custom values are specified (by environment or globally)

Highest level of preference is *Environment*, followed by *Global* and finally *Default*. Each option
in the settings can set the value from different levels. Higher level of preference overwrite lower levels.

Each environment is defined with a root key in the YAML, while global settings are identified with the
key *global*.

Options available:

#### bucket

Name of the bucket where Lambda function code will be hosted and tasks stored.

```yaml
bucket: 'my-custom-bucket-name'
```

You can use the macro, **{environment}**, in the string for the bucket, and it will
be replaced by the environment name.

**Default**: lambda-cron-{environment}

The bucket will have two folders:

* code/
* tasks/

#### every (frequency)

Frequency at which the Lambda function will execute to run tasks.
It indicates the frequency in **minutes OR hours** with an integer number.
It is specified with one of the following parameters:

* minutes
* hours

```yaml
every:
    minutes: 5
```

**Default**: every hour.

More info for [frequency](#frequency).

#### alarm

Alarm can be set up using CloudWatch metrics. It uses the following parameters:

* enabled
* email (Required if alarm is enabled).

```yaml
alarm:
    enabled: True
    email: my-mailing-list@email.com
```

**Default**: disabled.

#### enabled

It enables/disables the cron (CloudWatch event).

```yaml
enabled: True
```

**Default**: enabled.

#### Example

```yaml
global:
  bucket: 'my-project-cron-{environment}'

prod:
  alarm:
    enabled: True
    email: prod-alerts@domain.com
  every:
    minutes: 5

staging:
  every:
    minutes: 5

dev:
  enabled: False
```

The settings for each environment will be:

* prod:
  * enabled: True
  * bucket: my-project-cron-prod
  * alarm:
    * enabled: True
    * email: prod-alerts@domain.com
  * every:
    * minutes: 5

* staging:
  * enabled: True
  * bucket: my-project-cron-staging
  * alarm:
    * enabled: False
    * email: ''
  * every:
    * minutes: 5

* dev:
  * enabled: False
  * bucket: my-project-cron-dev
  * alarm:
    * enabled: False
    * email: ''

### Commands

The **LambdaCron** CLI uses the [AWS CLI](https://github.com/aws/aws-cli), and translates
every command into an AWS CLI command.  The AWS account used should be configured for AWS
CLI access.  The LambdaCron CLI allows different AWS CLI
[profiles](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-multiple-profiles.html) to
be specified.

The following is the list of commands available.

#### create

Create new **LambdaCron** environment in the AWS account.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--create-bucket**: Flag to indicate that bucket must be created in S3 (optional)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### update

Update new settings for the environment.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### start

Enable LambdaCron to run.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### stop

Disable LambdaCron, and it won't run until it is enabled (#start command) again.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### invoke

Invoke Lambda function cron manually.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### delete

Delete **LambdaCron** environment from the AWS account.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--delete-bucket**: Flag to indicate that the bucket must be deleted from S3 (optional)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

Note: The bucket must be empty before it can be deleted.

#### upload-tasks

Upload tasks to S3 bucket to be run with LambdaCron. It will sync the directory
with S3, including deleting tasks have been deleted from the local directory.

Parameters:

* **--environment (-e)**: Environment to work with (string)
* **--directory (-d)**: Path to directory that contains tasks definitions (string)
* **--aws-profile (-a)**: AWS profile to use from aws-cli (string) (optional)

#### validate

Validate a tasks checking if they match with the schema. It can validate a task
from a file or a set of tasks in a directory.

Parameters:

* **--task-file (-t)**: File that contains a task definition.
* **--task-directory (-d)**: Directory with a set of files with tasks definitions.


## Tasks

Tasks are defined in YAML files (each task in an independent file) and stored in S3.
A task must follow the JSON schema provided in this repo: [schema](./lambda_cron/schema.json).

All tasks must contain the following keys and values:

* **name**: task name
* **expression**: crontab expression
* **task**: task definition (customized for each type of tasks)

Each type of task has its own set of required keys as described in the following section.


### Queue task

It sends a message to an AWS SQS queue.
The task definition must contains following keys:

* **type**: *queue*
* **QueueName**: Name of the queue (string)
* **MessageBody**: Message to be sent (YAML/JSON)

``` yaml
name: 'Send performance report every morning'
expression: '0 9 * * *'
task:
  type: 'queue'
  QueueName: 'my-scheduler-queue'
  MessageBody:
    name: 'Performance report'
    type: 'report'
    sql: 'SELECT ....'
    recipients:
      emails: ....
```

Message is sent using [boto3 SQS.Queue.send_message](http://boto3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/services/sqs.html#SQS.Queue.send_message)
All parameters of the function will be supported soon.

### Lambda task

It invokes an AWS lambda functions.
The task definition must contain the following keys:

* **type**: *lambda*
* **FunctionName**: Name of the Lambda function to invoke (string)
* **InvokeArgs**: arguments to send (YAML/JSON)

``` yaml
name: 'Run ETL process every hour'
expression: '0 * * * *'
task:
  type: 'lambda'
  FunctionName: 'run-etl-process-prod'
  InvokeArgs:
    source: 's3://my-data-source/performance'
    output: 's3://my-data-output/performance'
```

The function is invoked using [boto3 Lambda.Client.invoke_async](http://boto3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/services/lambda.html#Lambda.Client.invoke_async)

### Batch task

It submits AWS Batch jobs.
The task definition must contain the following keys:

* **type**: *batch*
* **jobName**: name to assign to the job (string)
* **jobQueue**: name of the queue in AWS Batch (string)
* **jobDefinition**: name of the job definition in AWS Batch (string)

``` yaml
name: 'Enrich new stats every hour'
expression: '0 * * * *'
task:
  type: 'batch'
  jobName: 'enrich-stats'
  jobDefinition: 'enrich-stats-definition:1'
  jobQueue: 'jobs_high_priority'
```

It is a wrapper for [boto3 Batch.Client.submit_job](http://boto3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/services/batch.html#Batch.Client.submit_job).
All parameters for the method can be set in the task definition.

### HTTP task

It sends an HTTP request (GET or POST). This task allows to reach any service
that provides an API.
The task definition must contain the following keys:

* **type**: *http*
* **method**: http method (get | post)
* **request**: YAML with parameters to send for the selected method using [Requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/)

``` yaml
name: 'health check every hour'
expression: '0 * * * *'
task:
  type: 'http'
  method: 'get'
  request:
    url: 'http://healthcheck.my-domain.com'
    params:
      service: 'lambda'
```

It is a wrapper over [Requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/).
All HTTP methods will be supported soon.

### Athena task

It executes the SQL query.
The task definition must contain the following keys:

* **type**: *athena*
* **QueryString**: The SQL query statements to be executed (string)
* **ResultConfiguration**: (map)
    * **OutputLocation**: the location in S3 where query results are stored (string)
    * **EncryptionConfiguration**: (map)
        * **EncryptionOption**: SSE-S3 | SSE-KMS | CSE-KMS (string)

``` yaml
name: 'get high scores every fifteen minutes'
expression: '0 15 * * *'
task:
  type: 'athena'
  QueryString: 'SELECT Username, HighScore FROM UserTable WHERE HighScore > 1000'
  ResultConfiguration:
    OutputLocation: 'http://scores.my-app.s3.amazonaws.com'
    EncryptionConfiguration:
      EncryptionOption: 'SSE-S3'
```

It is a wrapper for [boto3 Athena.Client.start_query_execution](https://boto3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/services/athena.html#Athena.Client.start_query_execution). All parameters for the method can be set in the task definition.

## Frequency

#### Execution time
All tasks scheduled to run between the current event and the next event will be run immediately.

Example: LambdaCron runs every hour ('0 * * * *'), tasks '0 1 * * *' and '58 1 * * *' will run at the same time.

####  Task frequency
LambdaCron will execute a task at most once for each invocation.  This can result in a task being run fewer times than it's cron expression implies.

Example: If LambdaCron runs every hour ('0 * * * *'), a task '*/15 * * * *' will only run once an hour.  If LambdaCron runs every minute ('* * * * *'), a task '*/15 * * * *' will only run four times an hour.  You can set up LambdaCron to run more frequently than an hour if you need a task to be run more frequently.

####  Frequecy and Precision

Events are based on [AWS CloudWatch Events](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/events/WhatIsCloudWatchEvents.html).
You can learn about them in the [Scheduled Events documentation](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/events/ScheduledEvents.html):

* "The finest resolution using a Cron expression is a minute"
* "Your scheduled rule is triggered within that minute, but not on the precise 0th second"

Be aware of this.

# Requirements

* Python 2.7
* boto3
* pip
* AWS account
* awscli (configured)

**LambdaCron** is based 100% on AWS cloud.

## Getting Started

**Important!** The tool is not available in **pip** yet. If you want to try it, check [Development](#development)

### Install

``` bash
$ pip install lambda-cron
```

### Usage

Create your first environment (called 'test') with default settings:

``` bash
$ lambda-cron create --environment=test --create-bucket
```

If you want to set some custom settings, create the setting file in the home
directory of the user who is running the tool.

* `~/.lambda-cron.yml`

For help:

``` bash
$ lambda-cron --help
```

or for each command:

``` bash
$ lambda-cron create --help
```

## Development

To start working with **LambdaCron** you should clone the project, create a
virtualenv (optional) and install dependencies:

``` bash
$ git clone https://github.com/MediaMath/lambda-cron.git
$ cd lambda-cron
$ virtualenv venv
$ source venv/bin/activate
$ pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
$ ./lambda_cron/lambda-cron --help
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. You can find open issues with some features and
improvements that would be good to have in **LambdaCron**.

Before contribute we encourage to take a look at the following
[tips provided by GitHub](https://guides.github.com/activities/contributing-to-open-source/)
